(LILLIAN BALL)
We need you to make our son's movie.
(PRESTON BALL)
Make my movie, make my movie!!
(RIMMER)
You want me to pull all of this off without a budget?
(VICTOR BALL)
You'll find a way. You can't afford not to.
(RIMMER)
You know I'm literally about to drive to Los Angeles.
(JAIME)
That's what I was hoping for.
(JAIME + RIMMER (SINGING))
—and nothing can stop us now!
(KADEN)
Make a sound and you're dead.
[RIMMER]
Why are you doing this, Kaden?
You were always such a good student.
[KADEN]
Are you serious?!
You left me on the side of the road to die!
I had to burn all my clothes so I wouldn't freeze!
[RIMMER]
Kaden, where did you find my backseat gun?
[JAIME]
Wait, why do you have a gun?
[RIMMER]
Jaime, every problem we've ever had
could have been solved with a gun.
SHUT UP, and give me everything you got!
[RIMMER]
Jokes on you, asswipe!
We have nothing to lose.
[JAIME]
Okay, now we have nothing to lose.
Okay, NOW we have nothing to lose.
[KADEN]
Later, buttholes.
Tell me how to make it go!
[RIMMER]
Fuck you, I'm not telling you [tihs]!
If you don't make this piece of
shit go in the next 5 seconds–
[RIMMER]
Look, we're gonna need to work together
if we're gonna pull off my dream.
[JAIME]
Our dream.
[RIMMER]
Mhm, yep.
[KADEN]
You two seem to have forgotten that
I have a gun aimed at your thesbians.
[RIMMER + JAIME]
Oh, yeah.
[WAITER]
You ladies need somethin'?
[RIMMER]
Help.
[JAIME]
Waffles.
Yes, waffles would be a huge help.
[WAITER]
Okay then!
[JAIME]
Kaden, what do you want from us?
There's literally nothing we can give you.
That you want.
[KADEN]
You could rob this place for me.
[RIMMER]
I could've left you in that prison
to rot, but I thought to myself,
"Mr. Rimmer, this is a boy
that could turn his life around,"
but I was wrong.
You're such a nugget of [tihs],
even Karen didn't want you.
[JAIME]
What he means is, you could really
make something of yourself here.
I mean, you were just trying to rob us for cash,
well, how about you work with us for a future?
I never thought about that word.
Which one, "work" or "future"?
Exactly.
[RIMMER]
Well, Jaime and I were on our way to
Los Angeles to make a movie about—
[KADEN GESTURES TO STOP]
[KADEN]
I already heard you describing this [gnikcuf]
gay script when I was hiding in the backseat.
(KADEN)
This script is [kcuf]in' gay.
[RIMMER]
With Jaime's cinematic skills, and your incel rage,
and my good looks, we could be unstop—
[WAITER]
That's them, officer! The naked ones!
Shoot them before they shoot each other!
[OFFICER THADDEUS]
Drop the gun and put your hands behind your head!
[JAIME]
You better be a fuckin' stripper.
[SHOT FIRED]
[KADEN]
He's not!
[RIMMER]
Jokes on you, Officer Dumbass!
Two-thirds of us aren't getting nothin' out of this.
[OFFICER THADDEUS]
All right, little fella!
These perverts are off to get reamed!
[WAITER]
Good.
[RIMMER]
Damn it, officer, you are arresting one
of America's greatest acting teachers!
[OFFICER THADDEUS]
Then who's the gay guy and
the gayer guy you're with?
[RIMMER]
They're my assistants.
[JAIME]
I would never suck your—
Augh! Yep, real acting can't be
taught by just one little dreamer.
[OFFICER THADDEUS]
You know, I used to be an actor myself.
[KADEN]
And my parents are aristocrats, so when I get my inheritance,
you're gonna change your little tune about me.
[RIMMER]
Why are you not in LA right now?
[KADEN]
Guys, I just remembered my parents died.
That means I have diplomatic immunity, dick!
[RIMMER]
You know, cop characters are in high demand right now.
[OFFICER THADDEUS]
I'm a cop.
[KADEN]
I can have anyone legally assassinated!
[RIMMER]
You know, we all auditioned for cop characters,
but Hollywood said we weren't bald, buff, or black enough.
[OFFICER THADDEUS]
I'm all three of those!
[RIMMER]
Why don't you come with us to LA?
I can teach you acting skills that'll
make you "Leonardo De-crap-your-pants".
[OFFICER THADDEUS]
I was supposed to take you to jail.
[JAIME]
For what, being nude?
[OFFICER THADDEUS]
For having a gun, mother[rekcuf]!
[JAIME]
I– it's a prop gun.
[SHOT FIRED]
[JAIME]
Movie magic!
[OFFICER THADDEUS]
That felt real to me!
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
So we were off to the
land of copyrighted dreams.
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
This is where stars are made.
[RIMMER]
Okay, first things first, if I'm gonna teach this class,
then we're gonna need clothings.
[THADDEUS]
I know a spot that sells clothes!
[JAIME]
What are you doing?
[RIMMER]
Getting our movie made, how about that?
[KADEN]
No actor will ever involve themselves
in that script. It's crap.
[RIMMER]
Uh, not only will they involve themselves with it,
they're gonna pay for the privilege.
[RIMMER]
What- what do I teach, guys?
[JAIME + KADEN]
Screen acting.
[RIMMER]
Mhm! And what is a screen acting class
besides putting people on camera
and doing scenes from different movies?
[RIMMER]
What if we recreated every scene from the same movie?
This movie.
[JAIME]
Where were you keeping that?
[THADDEUS]
I've got your wardrobe, actors!
[RIMMER]
That's great, now we need students.
[KADEN]
People who are serious about acting.
[JAIME]
And desperate. Very desperate.
Well, I know where to find
the best actors in Hollywood.
[RIMMER]
No, these people aren't actors!
They're hepatitis-havers turning tricks for tips!
[JAIME]
All right. Listen up, failures, if you wanna
take acting seriously, you better join our class.
[KADEN]
If you don't, I can have you
all legally assassinated!
[RIMMER]
We're not doing this storyline.
[THADDEUS]
I know it seems fake,
but these guys are the real deal.
They taught me movie magic!
[JAIME]
Whoa, whoa, Thaddy, no.
[RIMMER]
You there! Star Wars elf!
Yeah, you!
Now you look like an actor
who knows how to commit to the bit!
I know you could do so much better than... this.
And I could teach you the way.
[JAIME]
Did you have that flyer on you when you were naked?
[RIMMER]
I always have a flyer on me.
Or in me.
[KADEN]
This is fuckin' pointless. Let's go.
[JAIME]
This place is dirtier than my asshole.
[RIMMER]
Stupid.
[THADDEUS]
If it's any consolation,
I think you're brilliant.
[STAR WARS ELF]
Do you really think so?
[THADDEUS]
Augh, you ruined it!
["MARILYN MONROE"]
Did she just break character?!
["SPIDER MAN"]
She did!
She broke character and broke our oath!
["MARILYN MONROE"]
Let's snap her neck!
[THADDEUS]
Woah, woah, woah, string bean.
Run, robot!
[STAR WARS ELF]
Wait!
I changed my mind.
I wanna join your class.
[RIMMER]
Uh– well, just in time, 'cause
we're having a special right now:
Free admission for anyone who lets us
live with them for a few days.
[STAR WARS ELF]
I– I might know a place at my other...
...my only job.
[UNNAMED MALE]
God damn it, Claire! Where have you been?
You're late for the dinner rush!
[CLAIRE]
Yeah I could tell your hands
are really tied without me.
[CLAIRE]
Yeah I could tell your hands
are really tied without me.
[UNNAMED MALE]
Where were you, bitch?!
[CLAIRE]
Networking.
Found some actors in need of housing.
[UNNAMED MALE]
In Los Angeles? You're shittin' me.
[CLAIRE]
Frank, I get a goddamn free
acting class if we house them.
[FRANK]
Damn it, Claire, that is a very good deal.
Any openings for a 15-to-21-year-old leading male?
[RIMMER]
We're full.
Sorry, that mother[rekcuf] is not real.
Have you seen him blink?
[CLAIRE]
You can sleep here.
[KADEN]
There's nothing to sleep on.
[CLAIRE]
There's a floor.
[JAIME]
Eh, I've slept on worse.
Can I drill a hole in this?
[CLAIRE]
What for?
[JAIME]
The [kcuf] do you think?
[RIMMER]
You're going to hell.
First things first, I'm gonna need the two of you
to go out and find more students to recruit.
[FRANK]
I thought you didn't have space! :ꓷ
[RIMMER]
Meanwhile, I'll find a place to shoot this movie.
[CLAIRE]
What movie?
[RIMMER]
...to teach this class.
[JAIME]
Welcome to Hollywood, bitch, where you're gonna
be a failure unless you join our screen acting class!
[JAIME]
Come on, learn to act like
somebody who gives a shit!
[JAIME]
I won't let you give up on your dreams!
[KADEN]
Yo. You want some class?
[JAIME]
Join our class or eat my ass!
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
It's hard to find a place to live in this town,
but it's even harder to find a place to work.
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
Luckily, the Lord decided to
give me both on the same day.
I'm a God's Warrior.
And God wants straight people.
You like girls, bitch?!
Everybody likes what they supposed to like!
I've been a member of Rhoda's church for years.
I still suck [kcid].
Most gays actually use it as a meetup spot.
[RHODA MAY]
♬ Before each time I masturbate, ♬
♬ I first thank God that I am straight. ♬
[RHODA MAY]
♬ And if I ever lose my way, ♬
♬ I just remember these easy shapes: ♬
[RHODA MAY]
♬ "line in the circle", ♬
[EVERYONE]
♬ "line in th—"
[RICKY MAY]
Hold! Looks like we got ourselves
a newbie in the back!
[RICKY MAY]
What's your name, kiddo?
Uh, I'm Alex Rimmer, and I'm "he/him".
[RHODA MAY]
Gender's not in the Bible
and it won't be in here.
[RICKY MAY]
Yay!
[JAIME]
Listen, you miserable [kcuf],
I am gonna make you famous
one way or ANOTHER!
[JAIME]
You want an Oscar?
Hey, do you want an Oscar?
[THADDEUS]
Gotcha!
JAIME: [YELPS]
KADEN: FUCK!
Why did you ditch me?
[KADEN]
We didn't ditch you.
[JAIME]
We thought "Spider Man" killed you.
He tried...
[JAIME + KADEN]
...acting class?
I thought you'd never ask!
[RHODA MAY]
Heterosexuals are the future.
[RIMMER]
That's what I've been saying!
[RHODA MAY]
And the past.
[RICKY MAY]
Gays are just a blip in time.
Aren't you?
[RHODA MAY]
Isn't my husband what?
[RIMMER]
...okay...
Look, I love your venue, and I wanted
to know if I could use it for free.
[RIMMER]
...so is that a yes?
[RHODA MAY]
My grandmother gave me this black box theater!
[RICKY MAY]
And he wants it for free?!
What are you planning on doing in her grandmother's black box?
I'm an acting teacher, and it has been my life's
mission to teach people how to act.
...straight.
[RHODA MAY]
Why don't you just teach them how to be straight?
Well, because most actors are a lost cause.
But I can help teach them how to fit
into a straight society, right?
And with your beautiful venue, I think we can
straighten up Hollywood just a little bit.
I wasn't lying, I was acting.
And [kcuf] you, whose side are you on?
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
I didn't sacrifice everything
just to be [kcuf]ing honest.
Guys, I found a venue that'll
let us teach our class!
[RIMMER]
Hello?
[RIMMER BANGS ON POT]
[RIMMER]
Money!
[JAIME]
What's up?
[RIMMER]
There we go.
Guys, I found a venue to do this [tihs].
Please tell me you found me some students.
[JAIME]
Maybe.
[KADEN]
Probably not.
[CLAIRE]
This class better be worth what you promised,
or you struggling actors will be struggling on the streets.
[LOUD PERSISTENT RINGING]
[RIMMER]
I think you have a customer.
[CLAIRE]
I don't notice the customers until my shift starts.
[RIMMER]
What the FUCK do you want,
What the FUCK do you want, you youngsters?
[VICTOR BALL]
We're here to check on production progression.
[RIMMER]
Produc... well, uh, we started...
[VICTOR BALL]
Ah, that's good to hear.
[RIMMER]
How did you Balls find me here?
[LILLIAN BALL]
We planted a bug in your bowl.
[RIMMER]
Uh, I think I would know if there was a bug in my
[Kcuf] me!
[LILLIAN BALL]
Our son wants his movie finished by... "soon".
[VICTOR BALL]
Have you started casting this piece of shit?
[RIMMER]
Casting?
By this time tomorrow, I guarantee
you I will have the finest actors
L.A. has to offer sitting right in front of me.
Not just appearing in your son's piece
of shit movie, but paying to be in it.
[LILLIAN BALL]
Paying, you say?
[VICTOR BALL]
Paying equals profits.
[RIMMER]
Thank you so much for letting me use this space.
[RHODA MAY]
But first, there are some things you
need to know about this building.
[RHODA MAY]
The toilet's clogged.
This alley is haunted.
[RHODA MAY]
We don't even know where this goes.
And this chair farts.
[RHODA MAY]
You still want this place?
[RIMMER]
Hell yeah, I do. This place is the [tihs]!
[RHODA MAY]
Holy [tihs].
[JAIME]
This is bull[tihs].
[RIMMER]
How's the crowd out there, guys?
Angelinos can be vicious.
[JAIME]
Rimmer, five people showed up.
[RIMMER]
Five people?
[JAIME]
I am so sorry.
[RIMMER]
Five people showed up.
Five people showed up!
[JAIME + RIMMER]
[INSERT JAIME'S UNFILTERED YELPS OF JOY HERE]
[ANNOUNCER]
Ladies and gentlemen, and all the
other new sexes... Get ready!
[RIMMER]
Good morning, class!
And welcome to the first day
of the rest of your careers.
CLASS ACTS: EPISODE TWO ("No City of Angels")
A TV30 PRESENTATION | EN-US SUBTITLES
ORIGINAL SUBTITLES BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
IMPROVEMENTS BY ERYMANTHUS | U/RAYDEEUX (https://github.com/raydeeux)
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS A LIVING DOCUMENT; CHANGES MAY BE MADE AT ANY TIME.
QUESTIONS? CONCERNS? LATEST VERSIONS OF SUBTITLES?
GO TO https://github.com/raydeeux/hotbananastud-fansubs
EDITED USING VSCODE AND TESTED WITH VLC MEDIA PLAYER
ORIGINAL CHARCTERS BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
ORIGINAL VIDEO: https://youtube.com/embed/nEep-A9IxOE
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER THE TERMS OF
EITHER CC-BY-SA-4.0 OR THE OPEN DATABASE LICENSE (AT YOUR CHOICE):
- https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/odbl-10.txt
- https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode.txt
FOR A PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY OF THE ODBL, SEE BELOW:
https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/
FOR A PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY OF CC-BY-SA-4.0, SEE BELOW:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/